We're almost there.
[EMERADA grunts]
[sighs]
♪
We made it.
Ente Isla.
[ALAS]
Mama?
Welcome back home.
Thank you.
[EMERADA]
Okay.
This map will point you
to Sloane,
so follow it carefully.
The good news is,
there's a caravan that leaves
from this village
that'll get you close.
A little coin never hurts.
Uh, thanks.
But will you not be coming
with us?
[gasps]
The area's still in disarray,
after the Devil's invasion.
So the Grand Hoshin Church
has bought up
a lot of land
for reconstruction.
Grand Hoshin Church?
So that means Olba's involved.
Well, he's seen as a big-time
war hero here in Ente Isla.
He's involved in a lot
of different things.
I don't know all the details,
but for now,
I think it's best that I be
extra careful around here.
I'll sneak in and pick you up
a week from today.
We'll plan to meet up
at this spot.
Okay, sounds good.
One more thing.
This is an angelic quill pen
Lailah left behind.
Huh?
That was my mom's?
Yeah, and I think
it's a good idea for you
to keep it with you.
It's super handy.
Lets you open a gate
wherever you want.
[EMI]
Thanks, but you keep it.
We should split up
all of our trump cards.
Good idea.
Please be careful, okay?
[bird chirping]
[ALAS]
Bye-bye! I miss you!
All right,
I need to find a clue.
One that'll lead me to mom.
♪
We gotta locate that caravan,
next.
[EMI gasps]
What is this, the Motel Zero?
-[ALAS] Mama! I gotta potty!
-[groaning] Oh!
Oh! Uh, hang on, sweetie!
Not yet! Keep on holding it!
[groans]
[ALAS]
Ugh, tinky!
[EMI] Yuck.
How could I forget the smell?
[chewing]
[groans] Tastes so icky.
Yeah?
[sips]
Oh. Just slightly better
than the outhouse.
-It's gross!
-Yeah. I'm sorry.
But you still need
to eat something, right?
And Mama does too.
-No!
-Eesh.
The veggies in Japan are
a lot better.
I don't wanna!
No way!
[crickets chirping]
-[grunting]
-[groans]
This sucks.
I miss convenience stores.
Whoa.
Next stop, home.
Huh?
[EMI]
This wheat.
Dad grew it.
Mama?
Beautiful.
It's still alive.
I'm so happy.
Dad's wheat is still alive!
Mama?
Mama, why are you--
[EMI]
Know what this means?
There's hope! I can't give up.
-I won't give up!
-Mama--
I think Dad might actually
be alive, too! [giggles]
The house. It's--
My childhood home.
I can't believe I'm back.
If I want clues about Mom
and Dad, I'll find them here.
Ugh. It's a bust.
[sighs]
I was positive I'd find
something useful here, but...
Mama, I'm so hungry!
Me, too.
I guess it's time for dinner.
[groans]
Curry!
[chewing]
Yum!
[chuckles]
I honestly didn't expect
to be digging
into the Japanese food
I brought, already.
Hey, I was just wondering.
Do you sense any shards of Yesod
or something
like that around here?
-Nuh-uh! [chewing]
-Okay.
Kinda weird there's not
a clue in sight.
Wait.
Hold on.
What's this?
It says it's a "License
to Cultivate New Land".
What new land?
[sighs]
Hmm.
This has to be, like, the most
rinky-dink map I've ever seen.
Hmm.
[EMI] The very latest
I would get back
is the morning of the 12th.
I have to keep
my promise to them.
Huh?
Is something wrong?
What is it?
-This way!
-Oh!
Wait! Alas Ramus, come back!
[panting]
[gasps]
Some kinda barrier field?
-Mama!
-There you are!
Alas Ramus?
What is this place?
It's your house, silly Mama!
It's got big Mama smell!
[sighs]
Sweetie, tell me something.
What is your mama's name?
Uh...
Lailah!
[EMI]
Hold on a second.
Has she been seeing my mom
in me this whole time?
She thinks I'm Lailah?
Mama.
Let's go inside.
My mother saved Satan
when he was just a kid.
And even gave him
a shard of Yesod.
Alas Ramus was born
from that shard.
But why?
Why would an angel save
the devil himself?
-[crying]
-Mama?
[gasps]
She scattered the broken pieces
of Yesod everywhere.
But is she trying to pull them
all back together now?
Did Dad know about that?
Hey, Alas Ramus--
[gasps] Huh?
[ALAS]
Acieth! Acieth!
Mama, where'd Acieth go?
She was right here!
She went bye-bye!
-[crying]
-Calm down, honey!
[EMI]
Now, tell Mama.
Do you mean Acieth Alla?
-[crying]
-[whirring]
No! Please calm down.
Olba's gonna find us!
[screams]
[ALAS]
Acieth!
Oh, crap!
[panting]
No. They're here!
Been far too long, Emilia.
Forgive the sudden nature,
but you're needed in Efzahan.
If you would kindly join us.
Why should I?
What are you planning
to do there?
Your father.
I believe this gentlemen
told you that he is still alive,
-did he not?
-[EMI gasps]
In fact, he should be
in the Heavenly Regiment's
custody right about now.
[gasps]
[scoffs]
Ugh, you scumbag.
You're even worse
than I thought.
Okay.
So what do I do now?
It looks like Kawa-cchi
and Kato-rin are out.
Who else could I get
to cover a shift?
[ACIETH]
C'mon, Maou!
We gotta move!
My big sister could be
in trouble, ya jerk!
Don't sit there
picking your butt!
You lazy dumb-dumb!
-You doo-doo for brains!
-[screams] You're killing me!
Uh, you okay, Mister Maou?
We heard you scream.
-Everything good?
-[ACIETH] See, that?
Chiho brought us
some frozen treats!
-I scream for ice cream!
-[BOTH gasps]
Whoa! You startled me!
[MAOU] Bad freak!
Don't scare our guests!
I'm trying to heal in here?
Dial it back a notch.
[CHIHO]
Hmm.
[gobbling]
So yum!
I'm gonna pop back inside
for a post-snack cuddle.
-Okay?
-Heck, no!
Keep your baby hands
to yourself!
Ever heard of personal space?
Get off of me!
How cute.
Maou-Maou's so shy-shy.
Here's the deal, pal.
You're clearly
making him uncomfy,
so either you can cut it out,
or no more ice cream for you!
[ACIETH]
Loud and clear, ma'am!
-[gasps]
-What are you doing?
When Alas Ramus gets back
and sees you've been
spoiling Acieth,
she'll get jealous
and develop some
serious dada issues!
I'm dying. Shut up.
[clears throat]
Can we please get down
to business, people?
Yeah, of course.
I had Chiho fill me in
on everything
going on with you guys.
Emi's the Hero.
Ashiya's a demon.
And they're in Ente Isla,
now, right?
Whatever.
The Devil thing threw me
for a loop, though.
You're brave to come back here
after learning all of that.
I hid in bed for two days
working up the courage.
After some thought,
I know where I stand.
Before anything else,
Emi and Ashiya are my friends.
I want to help them,
any way I can.
I don't want my memories erased.
[gasps]
I see.
They're real lucky
to have you in their corner.
[door knocks]
Satan, a moment, please.
[MAOU gasps]
Anybody care to explain?
How did these bad boys
wind up here?
It's no sorcery, my dude,
Suzuno drove one,
and I drove the other.
She can't drive!
No license!
Au Contraire.
Freshly won.
[MAOU]
You seriously beat me?
I don't know
what kinda twisted game
you're trying to play,
but you're on!
[SUZUNO]
What was the alternative?
Did you intend to embark
upon this journey to Ente Isla
without a reliable mode
of transportation?
We need a simple way
to carry provisions.
If we tried to travel
through the air,
we would be detected
immediately.
Our power levels
would give us away.
[MAOU] You're forgetting
I don't have a license yet.
You don't need a moped license
to drive a scooter in Ente Isla.
I--
So!
How much did
these scooters cost?
[SUZUNO] They're used,
so about 500,000 yen in total.
[gasps] That hurts! [groans]
So much dough.
So, what?
Do we think Emi's okay?
I can tell you
that Emi isn't hurt.
If you're worried
about her being
in physical danger,
stop it and save your energy.
Huh?
Whenever Emilia is in Ente Isla,
a tank could fire at her
using its full force,
and she would be able
to walk away
from the skirmish
without so much
as a frayed hair or broken nail.
This ain't manga!
My worry is if someone so strong
is having it tough,
the rest of the world is
in shambles.
[gasps]
[sighs]
-Wassup?
-Oh, wow.
You're so compassionate!
You're much sweeter
than most people think.
Huh? I'm not sweet.
Maybe not, but you are dense.
Oh, to be young and dumb.
He's trying, though!
Well, as I was saying.
In order for Emi
to get stuck like that,
I'm sure her hands are tied.
They could be holding
the whole country hostage!
And, Olba's the only jerk
I know that scared of a fight.
If she's with him,
I bet they're in Efzahan,
home to the Malebranche
he stirred up.
There doesn't seem to be
a wealth of evidence
for your conclusion.
Wealth of evi-deez nuts.
Whiny!
Here, jerk.
Why rest, when I can root around
like a hog?
There wouldn't be any rooting
if you weren't such a slob.
The castle gave Gabriel a call.
You're telling me
angels have cellphones?
[MAOU]
Guess so.
And thanks to that goon leaving
his number with Urushihara,
we could confirm that Ashiya,
Emi, Alas Ramus, and old Nord-y
are kicking it in Efzahan.
I don't know why we would trust
Heaven's Himbo.
[MAOU]
I'm with you.
That's why I'm leaving you
in Japan
to keep an eye
on things at home.
[groans]
If any real shit goes down,
it'll have to wait
till I'm healed.
Couldn't you use
the extra muscle?
I'm sure that we could.
Alas, it's impossible.
The more bodies we have
entering through the gate,
the more
celestial force expenditure.
But I worry.
We'll barely have power for two.
No biggie.
Worst case, Amane pops over.
I totally saw that one coming.
Are you going to tell us
why you're here?
We're on the edge of our seats.
Please, you don't wanna ruin
the mystery.
Anyway, to thank you
for the food and shelter,
I'll protect Chiho and Rika
if things go south on our end.
You know,
Efzahan is an immense region.
Where first?
-Use your head, that's a given.
-Huh?
They'll be right
where the Demon King
stuck it to Emilia.
Heavensky Keep.
I told everybody to wait
at the apartment.
Don't be mad, they wanted
to see you off.
[KISAKI]
Jeez, Ma.
You must be up
to something important.
You rarely ask for time off
on short notice,
let alone give up shifts.
And on top of that,
Chi's seemed on edge.
[MAOU]
Uh, yeah.
Sorry about that.
I'll be back soon.
[KISAKI]
No need to be sorry.
Just don't hurt yourself
or get sick while you're away.
I can't afford to lose
such a strong member
of my front line.
[MAOU]
I'll keep that in mind.
Hey, Chiho, come here!
What's with your manager?
Is she super strong
or something?
I mean,
she has the literal devil
-doing her bidding, after all.
-[chuckles]
She's just like you and I.
A regular Japanese gal.
But she's a great boss
that's easy to respect.
She pays close attention,
and learns all her employee's
strengths and weaknesses.
She acknowledges us
for our work,
and praises us
for a job well done.
Mister Maou went
from being a demon king
with a bunch of power
to a normal guy that
the world had power over.
That made him really respect
Miss Kisaki's strength.
You don't need armies
to have power.
[SARUE] My bounty is
as boundless as the sea,
for my beloved goddess,
Kisaki!
So sharp, so fierce,
and divine to boot,
it is no wonder
my love did take root!
Where poetry flourishes
manners lack,
but come fine miss for Sarue's--
-[shouts]
-[screams]
[gasps] Hey, watch it!
[groaning]
[KISAKI]
Is something wrong, Ma?
Oh, nothing.
Just makin' that java.
[KISAKI]
What did I say about rhyming?
Forgive me, Miss.
And more than that,
I'm afraid I must ask you
to make my order
to go this evening.
You have any clue
what got into her?
Is she going crazy?
[ACIETH]
Mean! Lemme out!
Enough outta you!
I don't know for sure,
but Acieth and Alas Ramus have
some anti-angel thing going on.
[ACIETH]
Lemme out, poopy head!
Was that little wretch the child
condemned to fuse with Emilia?
They're the same being, I think,
but different forms.
And what form is that?
She seemed like a shard.
[URUSHIHARA]
Beats me.
The sephiroth stuff is
after my time.
I ditched Heaven
way before all that crap.
Sounds boring, so I'm glad.
So, who's this joker?
Not a regular
Sentucky Fried guy?
Right.
That's the archangel Sariel,
and he too comes from our realm.
You telling me that he works
with that jerk, Gabriel?
Hmm?
Lovely, what has Gabriel done
this time?
[SUZUNO]
I assumed you already knew.
[SARUE]
He did bring out an army
to try and drag me back
to Ente Isla with him.
But when I threatened him
with Gaze of the Fall,
he gave up.
That fool.
How dare he obstruct business?
[URUSHIHARA]
You poor guy.
You're turning into Maou
as we speak.
Perhaps this place
has changed me, too.
The moment I gazed
upon my goddess Kisaki,
I felt the desire
to use my power
for someone other than myself.
It was a new feeling for me,
but one I most
certainly found joy in.
In this world, I'm allowed
to care for other people,
not solely the security
of Heaven's walls!
The only walls I care about now
are the ones I'll build
for my goddess
and our beautiful family
to live in someday!
Well, at least
you're a classy creeper.
Thus, whatever you and your
little rag-tag gang decide,
I'm not in the business
of helping or hindering.
Starting now,
the only thing I care about
is pursuing a future
with that beautiful babe!
It would suck if one
of our Yesod homies killed you
before you could
live the dream.
Spill the beans.
The hell did you guys do
to the sephiroth?
Oh, give me a break,
I was never in a position
to do anything
to the Tree of Life directly.
What I can tell you
is Heaven's motive
for making the Tree
a priority in the first place.
Everything they've done
has been to prevent a true God
from being born in Ente Isla.
[ALL]
Huh?
Not a lot of braincells
between those guys, huh?
Hey. Are we hidden?
Is someone gonna tell on us?
[RIKA] Aren't you supposed to be
the freakin' Devil?
Grow a pair!
We're trespassing,
that's, like, a felony!
[gulping]
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[RIKA CHIHO gasp]
[grunting]
The Gate.
Move! Now!
Right. Let's go.
Be careful.